Release: 9.9.0 (#8876)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/internal-developers/testing/releases/990.md

#### Post/page

1. Create a new post or page.
2. Insert the `Mini Cart`.
3. Make sure the new `Mini Cart in cart and checkout pages` setting does not appear.

### Ensure shipping rates do not show in the Checkout block if the "Hide shipping costs until an address is entered option is selected". ([8682](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/8682))

1. Go to `WooCommerce -> Settings -> Shipping -> Local Pickup`, enable Local Pickup and add a location.
2. Go to the Checkout block in the editor, click on the Shipping Options block - in the block sidebar, enable the `Hide shipping costs until an address is entered` option.
3. In WooCommerce -> Settings -> General change `Default customer location` to `No location by default`.
4. In an incognito window, add an item to your cart and go to the Checkout block.
5. Ensure no shipping rates are shown, and ensure the "Shipping" button for method selection says `calculated with an address`
6. Enter an address (one that you have rates set up for) - as you fill in the address, be sure the rates don't populate until it's completely filled in. (address 1, city, state, country, postcode).
7. Ensure you can change rates etc.

> 8. Disable the `Hide shipping costs until an address is entered` in the editor and ensure the rates show as usual, even without a full address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Disable the `Hide shipping costs until an address is entered` in the editor and ensure the rates show as usual as soon as the country/state are entered and the rest of the address is empty. (note you should enter a country that you have rates for!).
```

3. You should see the border you set dynamically display on the featured item.
4. Now click on the `Unlink` button on the border controls and try setting different values for color and width for each of the border sides (top,right,bottom,left).
5. Ensure this is working by visually seeing the changes to the featured item.
6. Save and make sure this is also displaying correctly on the frontend.
7. Test both `Featured Category` and `Featured Product` blocks.

### Add decoding to product names titles that are in HTML entities. ([8824](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/8824))

1. Create a product with special characters in its name (ie: Hat & sticker or Shirt - Green).
2. In the editor, add a Featured Product, Hand-Picked Products or Reviews by Product block.
3. Notice in the selector the names of the products with special characters looks correct and not in the HTML entity form.

### Fix react 18 error in the editor when using cart/checkout blocks. ([8820](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/8820))

- Activate WP 6.2 RC using the WordPress Beta Tester plugin

> - Install [WooCommerce 7.4.1](https://href.li/?https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/releases/tag/7.4.1)

Reviewer: Maybe add some information here saying that they need to go to Tools > Beta Testing then select the "Bleeding edge" option. They will then need to update their site from Dashboard > Updates

> - Activate the latest trunk of WooCommerce blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We should not reference `trunk` in these testing instructions. In fact, I don't know if we should keep these instructions at all.

I followed them and it worked.
